Update audit-registry.md (#10276)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/auditing/audit-registry.md

> [!NOTE]

> > On creating a subkey for a parent (RegCreateKey), the expectation is to see an event for opening a handle for the newly created object (event 4656) issued by the object manager. You will see this event only when "Audit Object Access" is enabled under **Local Policies** > **Audit Policy** in Local Security Policy. This event is not generated while using precisely defined settings for seeing only registry-related events under **Advanced Audit Policy Configurations** > **Object Access** > **Audit Registry** in Local Security Policy. For example, you will not see this event with the setting to just see the registry-related auditing events using "auditpol.exe /set /subcategory:{0CCE921E-69AE-11D9-BED3-505054503030} /success:enable". This behaviour is expected only on the newer versions of the OS (Windows 11 / Windows Server 2022 and above). On older versions, 4656 events are not generated during subkey creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On creating a subkey for a parent (RegCreateKey), the expectation is to see an event for opening a handle for the newly created object (event 4656) issued by the object manager. You will see this event only when "Audit Object Access" is enabled under **Local Policies** > **Audit Policy** in Local Security Policy. This event is not generated while using precisely defined settings for seeing only registry-related events under **Advanced Audit Policy Configurations** > **Object Access** > **Audit Registry** in Local Security Policy. For example, you will not see this event with the setting to just see the registry-related auditing events using "auditpol.exe /set /subcategory:{0CCE921E-69AE-11D9-BED3-505054503030} /success:enable". This behavior is expected only on later versions of the operating system (Windows 11, Windows Server 2022, and later). In previous versions, 4656 events are not generated during subkey creation.
```
